educational impact a leading provider of
online professional development courses
for educators is pleased to present
Charlotte Danielson's teaching framework
looking at real classrooms educational
impacts video based for credit programs
are presented in a rich multimedia
environment featuring live video from
real classrooms educational experts and
bulleted notes you can access all course
related handouts in PDF format you can
take assessments online join community
chat rooms and post your assignments and
thoughts on the bulletin boards
Charlotte Danielson's teaching framework
looking at real classrooms this program
will give you an opportunity to hear
Charlotte Danielson discuss her
framework for teaching then see real
classroom examples of teachers in action
we will hear from Charlotte which
components of the framework are observed
in each video clip this program is being
produced in order to give teachers and
administrators an opportunity to see
what the components look like in use in
the classroom this middle school math
teacher shares with us his thinking and
then we see some of his students at work
he has handed back a test to his
students for them to review with each
other and to try to determine where they
went wrong in their thinking we have
students that are working together with
minimal teacher input into into that
setting so that they can try to work
together and try to overcome some
obstacles that they normally would not
be able to overcome on their own it's
done
because it looks like thousand 62.5 X
I've read so many studies that say that
if somebody's able to explain and teach
a concept to another that actually takes
their level of understanding to a new
level of mastery in order to make it a
little bit more beneficial to them if I
can have them teach it to another
student then they're able to actually
enrich themselves further than just the
material and that just takes them to
their next level he makes the important
point that when students are able to
explain something to another person it
not only helps the other person
understand it it helps them understand
it better this is a very interesting and
valuable example of component 3d using
assessment in instruction in particular
helping students give feedback to one
another on their work this clip is a
high school English class in which the
students are being asked to read a text
closely what about when he kills his
wife well don't you think that kind of
feeds into his character as a whole
because what's driving him and the fact
that he takes the money that Murrell
left for Dante's father so how did how
would you justify himself like how do
you think you would justify himself like
when abbe Busoni comes to see him I mean
we see that speech what do you think's
going on in his head
the teachers interaction with a small
group of students in this clip
illustrates component 3c engaging
students in learning particularly the
element about activities and assignments
because in her conversation with them
she asks them to consider a character
and a character's motives from that
characters point of view and to justify
their position based on the text like
this I mean it's gonna take a little
time but think about the next morning he
wakes up and he finds out what's
happened to Dante's but he was there
and he didn't do anything so how can he
justify himself and then when he murders
his wife how is that okay she shouldn't
have that she shouldn't have done so
it's okay for him to kill her for it
see you got a dig around what's what's
gonna make him defend himself what can
he say okay so run with him okay okay
so run with that and so now take that
idea and go into your propaganda devices
and see okay how can we create this
defense for Qatar ruse so what he's done
how would he defend himself if somebody
said that you're not necessarily a court
of law
but just his general reputation okay
this is a powerful activity the students
have considerable choice in it and yet
the teacher is clearly insisting that
they respect the principles of
argumentation and evidence in making
their case